reorder transforms API page (#9130)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  titled "Making Catalyst functionality callable from PennyLane". Related work in Catalyst can be
  found in [(#2409)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2409).

> * The :mod:`~.transforms` module has been reogranized to allow for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :mod:`pennylane.transforms` module has been re-organized to allow for
```

  titled "Making Catalyst functionality callable from PennyLane". Related work in Catalyst can be
  found in [(#2409)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2409).

> * The :mod:`pennylane.transforms` module has been reogranized to allow for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :mod:`pennylane.transforms` module has been reorganized to allow for
```
